

1-21-2014-9:34pm

[front page] 

-link to sign in page

-link to sign up page (aka a call to the new action)


[sign in]

-allows you to enter a user name and a password. 

-has a radio button that allows you to either show
or hide the password (the default is to hide the password). 

-working link to sign up page (users/new)

--issues with sign in--

login button.

-takes you to users/new for some reason when you give it proper input. 

-messes up when you give it no input. 

-needs to not go anywhere unless proper input (a user that exists and said users password) 

-needs to (upon proper input) take you to the users (personalized) front page when it works correctly. 


[sign up]

-uses ajax to confirm whether user name entered exists or not. 

-allows you to either hide or show password and password confirmation input. 

-says whether or not the strings entered for password and password confirm match or not.  

--issues with sign up--

for some reason the create button takes you to the /users url, specifically I guess the users#create
action followed by the create view. needs to take you to the users personalized front page, but ONLY
when the proper input (a user name that isn't taken, a password, and a password confirmation that
matches the password). 


----------------------------------


friday, jan 30th 2015, 1AM

-have a bunch of code (that isn't being used at all) in user.js 

-created users_sign_up.js and put it into app/assets/javascript

users_sign_up.js is retrived by the sign_up action in users, and is
used for a bunch of mostly cosmetic stuff (basically just allowing
the user to hide or show their passwords as they type it, allowing
the user to hit the submit button when all the fields have been entered,
and checks to make sure that the user name not only follows all the requirements
of a user name, but that it isn't taken. This file can be ignored because it's
working and isn't related to the problem. 

ISSUE: 

getting the error messages:

NameError (uninitialized constant ActiveRecord::Bases):
  app/models/user.rb:1:in `<top (required)>'
  app/helpers/sessions_helper.rb:42:in `successfully_signed_in'
  app/controllers/users_controller.rb:202:in `sign_in_helper'

This was never a problem before and I haven't recently changed any of the code
in any of those 3 places. That first error is complaining about the line:

"class User < ActiveRecord::Bases "

which is very first line of the class for my User model. 


CAUSE OF ISSUE:

what would have caused this was something I did during my attempt at giving a user
the ability to post content.

To do that I created a table called Post, that would stores the posts made by the users. I created
a model for post, a controller for post, and created a folder called "shared"
in app/views and added the start of a partial to it called _post.html.erb (simply
following the setup of how they handled microposts in the Hartl book). 

created the Post table via: 

rails generate model Post content:text user:references

created a controller for Post via the command: 

rails generate controller Posts

added the line: 

has_many :post

to my User class for my User model and added the line:

belongs_to :user

to my Post class. 

The code might be ugly, but it was at least working right before I tried to create
the Post table. right now neither table seems accessible. However, when I type the line:

ActiveRecord::Base.connection.tables

I get this: 

["schema_migrations", "users", "posts"]

don't know about schema_migrations, but the other two are certainly supposed to be there. 
However, whenever I try and do something like User.all, it just gives me the same error
as seen above. 

NameError: uninitialized constant ActiveRecord::Bases

any time my code tries to access the table (I think even use of the sessions method is causing 
my code to crash) causes my website to break. 








